Need to read this to really understand wtf is Oauth2 (and how to use it).

- [O] 1. Introduction
  - What is the issues with Oauth1?
  - Incompatible with Oauth1
  - [X] 1.1. Roles
  - [X] 1.2. Protocol Flow
  - [X] 1.3. Authorization Grant
     - [X] 1.3.1. Authorization Code
     - [X] 1.3.2. Implicit
     - [X] 1.3.3. Resource Owner Password Credentials
     - [X] 1.3.4. Client Credentials
  - [X] 1.4. Access Token
    - Bearer is just one form of Access Token.
  - [X] 1.5. Refresh Token
    - How should the Refresh Token be used safely and effectively?
  - [X] 1.6. TLS Version
  - [X] 1.7. HTTP Redirections
  - [X] 1.8. Interoperability
  - [X] 1.9. Notational Conventions
 - [X] 2. Client Registration
  - [X] 2.1. Client Types
    - So, to implement authentication using Oauth2, the best way is use _web app_ profile?
    - What is my web app client type/profile if I use Facebook or Github oAuth2?
  - [X] 2.2. Client Identifier
  - [X] 2.3. Client Authentication
     - [X] 2.3.1. Client Password
       - How to protect endpoints from Brute force attacks? Rate-limit?
     - [X] 2.3.2. Other Authentication Methods
  - [X] 2.4. Unregistered Clients
    - Oh, so that my web app is just an Unregistered Client for fb and github. How did they handle such clients?
 - [X] 3. Protocol Endpoints
  - [X] 3.1. Authorization Endpoint
     - [X] 3.1.1. Response Type
     - [X] 3.1.2. Redirection Endpoint
  - [X] 3.2. Token Endpoint
     - [X] 3.2.1. Client Authentication
  - [X] 3.3. Access Token Scope
 - [X] 4. Obtaining Authorization
  - [X] 4.1. Authorization Code Grant
    - The most complicated grant type.
     - [X] 4.1.1. Authorization Request
     - [X] 4.1.2. Authorization Response
     - [X] 4.1.3. Access Token Request
     - [X] 4.1.4. Access Token Response
  - [X] 4.2. Implicit Grant
     - [X] 4.2.1. Authorization Request
     - [X] 4.2.2. Access Token Response
  - [X] 4.3. Resource Owner Password Credentials Grant
     - [X] 4.3.1. Authorization Request and Response
     - [X] 4.3.2. Access Token Request
     - [X] 4.3.3. Access Token Response
  - [X] 4.4. Client Credentials Grant
     - [X] 4.4.1. Authorization Request and Response
     - [X] 4.4.2. Access Token Request
     - [X] 4.4.3. Access Token Response
  - [X] 4.5. Extension Grants
 - [X] 5. Issuing an Access Token
  - [X] 5.1. Successful Response
  - [X] 5.2. Error Response
 - [X] 6. Refreshing an Access Token
 - [X] 7. Accessing Protected Resources
  - [X] 7.1. Access Token Types
  - [X] 7.2. Error Response
 - [X] 8. Extensibility
  - [X] 8.1. Defining Access Token Types
  - [X] 8.2. Defining New Endpoint Parameters
  - [X] 8.3. Defining New Authorization Grant Types
  - [X] 8.4. Defining New Authorization Endpoint Response Types
  - [X] 8.5. Defining Additional Error Codes
 - [X] 9. Native Applications
 - [X] 10. Security Considerations
  - [X] 10.1. Client Authentication
  - [X] 10.2. Client Impersonation
  - [X] 10.3. Access Tokens
  - [X] 10.4. Refresh Tokens
  - [X] 10.5. Authorization Codes
  - [X] 10.6. Authorization Code Redirection URI Manipulation
  - [X] 10.7. Resource Owner Password Credentials
  - [X] 10.8. Request Confidentiality
  - [X] 10.9. Ensuring Endpoint Authenticity
  - [X] 10.10. Credentials-Guessing Attacks
  - [X] 10.11. Phishing Attacks
  - [X] 10.12. Cross-Site Request Forgery
  - [X] 10.13. Clickjacking
  - [X] 10.14. Code Injection and Input Validation
  - [X] 10.15. Open Redirectors
  - [X] 10.16. Misuse of Access Token to Impersonate Resource
       - [X] Owner in Implicit Flow
 - [ ] 11. IANA Considerations
   - Skip the rest.
  - [ ] 11.1. OAuth Access Token Types Registry
     - [ ] 11.1.1. Registration Template
  - [ ] 11.2. OAuth Parameters Registry
     - [ ] 11.2.1. Registration Template
     - [ ] 11.2.2. Initial Registry Contents
  - [ ] 11.3. OAuth Authorization Endpoint Response Types Registry
     - [ ] 11.3.1. Registration Template
     - [ ] 11.3.2. Initial Registry Contents
  - [ ] 11.4. OAuth Extensions Error Registry
     - [ ] 11.4.1. Registration Template
 - [ ] 12. References
  - [ ] 12.1. Normative References
  - [ ] 12.2. Informative References
 - [ ] Appendix A. Augmented Backus-Naur Form (ABNF) Syntax
   - [ ] A.1.  "client_id" Syntax
   - [ ] A.2.  "client_secret" Syntax
   - [ ] A.3.  "response_type" Syntax
   - [ ] A.4.  "scope" Syntax
   - [ ] A.5.  "state" Syntax
   - [ ] A.6.  "redirect_uri" Syntax
   - [ ] A.7.  "error" Syntax
   - [ ] A.8.  "error_description" Syntax
   - [ ] A.9.  "error_uri" Syntax
   - [ ] A.10. "grant_type" Syntax
   - [ ] A.11. "code" Syntax
   - [ ] A.12. "access_token" Syntax
   - [ ] A.13. "token_type" Syntax
   - [ ] A.14. "expires_in" Syntax
   - [ ] A.15. "username" Syntax
   - [ ] A.16. "password" Syntax
   - [ ] A.17. "refresh_token" Syntax
   - [ ] A.18. Endpoint Parameter Syntax
 - [ ] Appendix B. Use of application/x-www-form-urlencoded Media Type
 - [ ] Appendix C. Acknowledgements



