- [X] Foreword
- [X] Preface


= Part 1 - Introduction =
- [X] 1. Introduction
- [ ] 2. The production environment at Google, from the viewpoint of an SRE


= Part 2 - Principles =
- [ ] 3. Embracing Risk
- [ ] 4. Service level objectives
- [ ] 5. Eliminating Toil
- [ ] 6. Monitoring Distributed Systems.
- [ ] 7. The Evolution of Automation at Google
- [ ] 8. Release Engineering
- [ ] 9. Simplicity


= Part III - Practices =
- [ ] 10. Practical Alerting
- [ ] 11. Being On-Call
- [ ] 12. Effective Troubleshooting
- [ ] 13. Emergency Response
- [ ] 14. Managing Incidents
- [ ] 15. Postmortem Culture: Learning from Failure
- [ ] 16. Tracking Outages
- [ ] 17. Testing for Reliability
- [ ] 18. Software Engineering in SRE
- [ ] 19. Load Balancing at the Frontend
- [ ] 20. Load Balancing in the Datacenter
- [ ] 21. Handling Overload
- [ ] 22. Addressing Cascading Failures
- [ ] 23. Managing Critical State: Distributed Consensus for Reliability
- [ ] 24. Distributed Periodic Scheduling with Cron
- [ ] 25. Data Processing Pipelines
- [ ] 26. Data Integrity: What You Read Is What You Wrote
- [ ] 27. Reliable Product Launches at Scale


= Part IV - Management =
- [ ] 28. Accelerating SREs to On-Call and Beyond
- [ ] 29. Dealing with Interrupts
- [ ] 30. Embedding an SRE to Recover from Operational Overload
- [ ] 31. Communication and Collaboration in SRE
[[-]] [ ] 32. The Evolving SRE Engagement Model


= Part V - Conclusions =
- [ ] 33. Lessons Learned from Other Industries
- [ ] 34. Conclusion

